We will analyze the overall strategy
of segmentation and targeting
of a personal trainer.
This is a generic, but probably
almost everyone acts like that.
And we'll relate it to what we're
talking about targeting, that instead
of directing you to the people
you're already looking for, what
we're going to try is to direct us
to the people and convince
the people that are not still
looking but that they have that
problem.
First, what do personal
trainers do?
To whom are they addressed?
Who are your messages
and suggestions for?
For the people you are looking for.
A personal trainer does what it does
is compete within that portion,
that quesito.
Then try to compete with your
competitors who are other
personal trainers,
gyms, etc.
I don't know, being a little better,
selling better, etc.
That is what they do.
Now let's go to the segmentation
strategy, which is very interesting.
Do they somehow segment, look for
specific people to adapt their
proposal and their messages
and others?
I don't know anyone who does
it, I say.
They generally do not segment.
They are aimed at everyone who
is looking for a personal trainer.
And within that all of you have
people who have very different
problems, seeking different benefits.
It can be segmented by problem and by benefit.
People who want to, I know, get rid of.
People who want to stay in shape.
People who want to be strong.
Things like that, right?
They are not segmented.
Not even by age.
They do not segment, because they do
not adapt their proposals.
So is it.
They have customers of all kinds.
I am a woman who is training
a woman of 60 years.
And then they're training a 25-
year-old guy who wants to gain more
in muscle.
When you don't segment, what happens
is that it's harder to differentiate.
And it's harder for your messages, your
proposal, your product to be more
convincing, more powerful.
That is clear.
Let us see as a suggested evolution.
What happens to us, right?
well well.
To begin with, instead of not
segmenting, what they could do is
segment more.
More segmentation looking for a very specific
customer person.
A very specific niche.
And how could they do it?
For example, by segmenting
by problem or by benefit.
We said several, right?
Imagine it though.
You can have a customer person of
people who want to gain more in muscle.
There is a lot of competition, right?
People go to the gym and so on.
You can have customer person of people
who want to crawl.
This is powerful.
If you adapt to this much, you
can surely generate a lot of additional
market.
But let us say.
You can have a customer
person of people who have
a very specific problem.
They are aware but they are not
looking for it.
What is?
Imagine people over 60 years old who
are beginning to feel they are
getting older badly and more.
You can segment in that customer person.
You can create a design adapted
to that customer person.
with an adapted method.
with adapted messages.
That you are able to convince thousands
and thousands of people that are
within this customer person.
They have this problem.
But that still, very
likely, is still that they have
not been raised.
They are not looking for a
personal trainer.
This personal customer is not
looking for a personal trainer.
But an eye.
If someone goes to them and shows
them.
that actually.
well well.
How they are getting older.
He makes a proposal for that.
I do not know the proposal anymore.
Because I am not dedicated to this.
It should be a suitable method
etc.
Someone tells them.
You are not worried.
Two days a week, etc.
etc.
We will.
well well.
You are getting old.
Instead of getting much better.
You will see better.
You will feel better.
You will have more energy.
etc.
Look at the power.
What the personal trainer
would be doing.
in this case.
would be.
to direct.
Instead of fighting.
People are looking for a coach.
In the red ocean, etc.
What an annoyance.
Fight with others.
Do the same etc.
It is a great way to increase the
size of the market.
Go to people you are not looking
for yet.
That can.
If you let him see.
You are aware of the problem you have.
That bread.
And they also have.
I am sure they have those.
They seek those benefits.
Feel better etc.
etc.
They are not looking for a personal
trainer.
If you enter there.
You position yourself there.
You are addressing someone.
Be your target audience.
And have that bread and more.
That he is not looking for.
He will not be looking for any
more personal trainers.
Not even a cousin.
You buy safe.
How to do?
well well.
We have already seen.
Adjust the proposal and so on.
And then there are tactics to do so.
There are many tactics online.
It is a lead magnet.
You offer something of great value.
Imagine it though.
The five keys.
For that and that.
Take leads and more.
But I will not advance to this.
Because we will see that.
When we learn.
to communicate.
The messages are good.
And the entire strategy.
and ether.
to convince you.
What we have to do is stay with
this.
It is almost always possible.
and expand.
Think a little differently.
Do you know?
Get out of the box.
Thinking outside the box.
and try.
Creating of proposals.
and adapted.
People who are not looking for.
You can have those pains.